c:\users\prathore.mcnsolutions\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\bin\Debug\Login_WPF.exe
c:\users\prathore.mcnsolutions\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\bin\Debug\Login_WPF.pdb
c:\users\prathore.mcnsolutions\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\prathore.mcnsolutions\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\prathore.mcnsolutions\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\prathore.mcnsolutions\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF.g.resources
c:\users\prathore.mcnsolutions\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\prathore.mcnsolutions\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\prathore.mcnsolutions\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\prathore.mcnsolutions\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF.exe
c:\users\prathore.mcnsolutions\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF.pdb
c:\users\prathore.mcnsolutions\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Registration.baml
c:\users\prathore.mcnsolutions\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Registration.g.cs
c:\users\prathore.mcnsolutions\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\prathore.mcnsolutions\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\prathore.MCNSOLUTIONS\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\bin\Debug\Login_WPF.exe.config
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\bin\Debug\Login_WPF.exe.config
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF.exe
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF.pdb
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Registration.baml
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Registration.g.cs
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF.g.resources
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\bin\Debug\Login_WPF.exe
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\bin\Debug\Login_WPF.pdb
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Welcome.baml
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Welcome.g.cs
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\prathore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Login_WPF\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\bin\Debug\Login_WPF.exe.config
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\bin\Debug\Login_WPF.exe
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\bin\Debug\Login_WPF.pdb
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Registration.baml
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Welcome.baml
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Registration.g.cs
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Welcome.g.cs
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF.g.resources
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF.exe
C:\Users\artur\source\repos\Newsy\Login_WPF\obj\x86\Debug\Login_WPF.pdb
